# Trivia

* The backstory of the Acolytes of the Narrow Eclipse sees them starting out as an archivist order, the Pharosi,collecting knowledge before it was lost to a galaxy at war. As they grew into an authority on the arcane matters of import, they evolved into an intelligence network, brokering intel and knowledge. Once their contemporaries came to rely on them, the Pharosi made an audacious gambit : To rid the galaxy of the very _reason_ which had called for their  exisitence. To eliminate the factions of war, and surpass the duality of good and evil. The Grand Augury Noush sought to extinguish the light and expose the darkness, integrating them into a singular philosophy of the force, heralding in the twilight era of individual liberty and collective wisdom.
* The Narrow Exlipse have a salute : A fist is made upright with the left hand, and the right hand slides in front of it to mimick the Narrow Eclipse.
* The Narrow Eclipse refers to a balance between Light and Dark - one cannot exisiting without the other. Either without the source of light, or the cellestial body to obscure it, there can be no eclipse. The Eclipse is narrow, to emphasise that the dark side doesn't _overwhelm_ the light, but just matches it where needed.
* Metajj Vos' starship the _Alexandria_ was named after the Egyptian city of the same name, which housed the famous library which at the time was the greatest collection of knowledge.
* Similarly, the _Pharosi_ are named after the _Pharos_ lighthouse which rose above Alexandria - a beacon of light, at the edge of the continent of darkness. 